Yeah, where it will.
I never manually use it.
You will.
I think you will get the mail and stuff
Nice. Nice.
or something like that.
For sure you get the mail 30 days before
it's supposed to be permanently deleted.
So Floyd is getting this mail every day
So then I will be heavily relying on
factories.
because of dailies.
Then we need to most probably also cash
these clients, right? So that we don't.
Yeah, but yes, yes, yes.
But this you can do like in this in this
tenant thing here, right?
Because you can just basically you can
initialize this thing once, right?
You don't have to like to create the
whole context every time.
You can basically just do a thing when OK
this you still have this tenant thingy
then on initialization loads the
conflicts.
Initialize the object,
initialize the client and all that kind
of like the dependency that you have.
You structure in some sensible way and
then you put it like a.
You put it in your map from this this
name into this into this context object
and then you basically just have a method
Yeah.
kind of like a execute with execute with
context. You pass the string.
Or whatever else for the tenant and then
whatever in the callback has the async
local search initialized and you can
either use some kind of like top level,
some top level method because async local
storage can kind of live wherever.
So we can like make top level methods to
kind of like getting stuff from this.
From this context or like just kind of
like to inject the question is like yeah
do you want to inject whole context or
you also can do a thing when you just
kind of like within the context you for
example have the thing where you just
have like an object from like class name
to the instance.
So you can kind of just or like kind of
like or like a class object or something
like that.
I don't know how like actually uses to
because with map you can in in you with
words ******* words because in map you
can basically index by anything right?
So we can literally just take a class.
And make a map from that class into that
class into the instance.
Yeah.
And then you can basically just say like,
yeah,
Hmm.
inject me this dependency and then just
pass the class, right?
And then it just returns you the instance
of this class, right?
Yeah, yeah.
And you can map it pretty easily mapped.
It is sensibly typed.
You can then like just have like these
dependencies with the service.
You can have like a second method for
whatever or just have basically
dependencies as one thing and like
whatever config as just a second thing
and kind of like OK and when you get the
config you get the whole thing because
it's a bunch of like some strings and you
just.
And you just destruct your object taking
whatever you need.
I don't know how much data you have there.
Dependency will be quite a bit because
you will have there kind of like some
unique API clients,
the the confluence client,
you have want to have the logger there,
you want to have something else there and
blah blah blah right?
Yeah.
So we can put these kind of like a bit
separately to just kind of like OK,
I need a logger,
I just inject the logger and you and in
sub method you can also just kind of like
you know, oh inject me a logger.
It is just one line in there and you use
it right?
And there's like no problem with that
really within the execution context,
right?
Uh.
Like how you wrote it here like get me a
logger like tenant context dot get logger.
Yeah, or get logger or like yeah,
yeah like get and then you just pass
literally like a logger class because by
this class you actually indexed it in the
Yeah.
map and you will just get the instance
that you have for this for this execution
context, right? And as I said,
kind of like it.
Like I think local storage is kind of
like it. It can be.
Yeah.
It is.
It can be abused in a way that kind of
like it is not really meant to be stuff
that kind of like you know,
all stores data and changes a lot.
But this is not the case for us.
We just kind of like set the context and
want to access it deeper in there because
Yeah.
like passing it down is the in JS it's
kind of cumbersome in bunch of places.
But it's just kind of like the the
context of what we are doing there, yeah.
Cool, cool.
I think we have a plan then to use this
async context. It sounds good.
It sounds good.
Mhm.
I'm going to work on it right now.
Make a request.
Uh, OK, OK,
let's just go quickly for the comments if
we are not missing something briefly
because I just like I have like active,
Uh, yeah.
inactive, deleted. Uh,
because we have active,
inactive for the sites, right?
And here we have like a tenant,
Yeah.
so to speak.
But then the question is also kind of
like in a way of kind of like what this
like tenant means for us in a way of.
Confluence. Um.
Conference instance.
I would say it's a tenant because we
don't really have like this big division
with spaces with the site.
Yeah, but The thing is, but the thing,
yeah,
but like then come like for the for the
like if someone will say OK, yeah,
like from this confluence instance I want
to think this space then what they have
to market or like how does this work?
I think they just mark files in that
space, right?
So we basically look through all the
spaces. I mean,
so this is the part of kind of like I'm
not entirely sure because the problem we
can run into quickly that I don't know
whether we will,
but like just having it on top of my mind
is in this kind of like, oh,
like we actually have like this space
that has like 20,000 swords and.
But by the way, but we still,
but we still retrieve it by filtering on
Yeah.
labels, right?
So it kind of doesn't matter, right?
Yes.
And you can query it across all the
spaces.
Yes.
This I don't know. I haven't looked.
Shame on me.
OK, OK.
So there's like it,
but like this kind of like,
but this is kind of like a detail there,
like we can still like work.
What is there exactly? We can still,
we can still refine this idea without
affecting that much this part of
implementation because you know if this
is like you know,
per Confluence client or per space or
something.
This we can probably still adjust without
too much of a problem, right?
So this should be fine I think.
So let's just not.
Sync pages API wrapper and then sync
single pages API wrapper.
These are the two main methods and then
it just does like search CQL equals label,
single ingest label or all ingest label.
And type space type global.
Ace type global.
And that's that's it space type global.
Uh, OK,
so we can basically just globally search
for this.
Paste type Global is used to avoid
getting pages from personal access from
Uh uh,
so basically you get all about the person,
personal spaces.
which should make sense. OK, OK,
so but then that's interesting.
So you only can like you just start from
scope that's interesting.
But this is from oh,
but OK for the global scope.
On global scopes.
But this is still kind of like you have
service accounts.
You still have to get give.
Accesses to basically get it from global
scope that are not that the current user
has access to is either the user that
from the personal access token or the
service user which also probably has to
get some kind of access I assume.
OK, OK, so then then it sounds.
Then it sounds.
Yes.
This sound is sensibles sensibles.
It soundest.
So then at tenant I will do it as you
said,
because it's like eventually after doing
some thinking I got to the same
conclusion that the idea is good to have
active, inactive and deleted.
But.
If you mark it as deleted,
we start the deletion process of the
files and you mark it.
In the tenant config, not config. Yeah,
in the tenant config basically.
Yeah, yeah.
And if we get another source where we
configure this,
then we'll get another source where we
configure this and this is fine. OK, good.
That sounds good then. And yeah,
like I mean then I kind of like you know
with also like with probably with your
client is just a thought for later
they're like you for example have like a
multiple instances.
Think into a single single unique
instance.
We can also like think there are also
later as kind of like oh like can we like
detect that the conflicts are the same
and we just like, you know,
make a single client so the right
limiting and **** is together and
something like that, right?
But this is the thing that we can work
because like for starters you can anyway,
for example, oh,
we have 4 instances for like a divide
thread limiting by 4 or something and it
should be fine.
But but this is but these are details for
later, maybe later.
Like I could have the unique rate
limiting should be together, that's right.
Don't worry about it right now.
But then I could like the confluence rate
limiting should be per instance per per
OK.
Yeah, yeah. But yeah, but this is like,
but this is a detail that we can like
tenant.
look into at later point. No problem. OK,
then there's like a yeah.
We can, yeah.
And then a good point is the cron,
the cron job.
Do we want it to be per tenant or do we
Mhm.
want it to be global?
I only I thought about it.
I'm just kind of like.
I don't even know if we care that much
because like when you think about it like
it's basically like in essentially it's
kind of the same right?
Because it will have to hang on this.
You probably will need to have like a one
service for the Chrome,
like we need to have service for the
Chrome and then like one service and like
manages to sync their like see oh.
This stuff is thinking,
this stuff is not thinking.
So it's just a matter of kind of like
this service is singleton for sure.
So like if it calls it again,
then it like kind of doesn't have like 1
cron that like does every minute.
And on the other hand, like yeah,
you can with separate crons.
The upside is like you can like literally
configure of kind of like OK,
this has changed.
Changes rarely.
It can like sing like once a day or
whatever data,
but this one is important too.
Yeah.
Like that's the difference if you have
like different clients who pay less or
So like so multiple crons can can.
So yeah, so I mean,
so if we can easily do like different
more.
crons then I would say let's do,
let's do separate ones. I don't,
I don't see a strong reason why not at
this point to be honest.
Yeah.
Cool.
So that I think that that I think should
be fine.
So this is like this is the wording of
the Chrome logger and metrics.
So I mentioned it's kind of like like the
logger which you probably you also need
to scope the metrics right that you
probably should have the should have
basically like metrics that are kind of
like bound that you can that you already
have like the data for the OR like tenant
bound to this right.
Yep.
You can probably just make it think of
kind of like some partial application or
something.
They're probably something simple.
You can also look in that kind of.
They have also some carrying stuff there.
Remeda. OK, I saw a question on this.
I saw Niku has the at span decorators.
You can like.
I mean you can also see there, but.
There's.
Yeah,
like he's doing because he's doing tele,
because he was copying from team CP and
Valaric reality there.
So he's adding the telemetric.
I would say that's a sense that a good
thing, but I will do it as kind of like,
OK, once we have **** running,
we can add it then kind of to focus here
because we have like.
OK. Yeah.
Already a bit of like a breath breath
filling on our necks with Confluence
connector there.
So let's just not overcomplicate that
Yeah, yeah.
because neither me or you have yet much
experience with it.
So we'll anyway waste time try to use it.
So let's start by just rolling with what
we know here and improving upon it.
The metrics we have couple only proxies.
Yeah,
Yeah.
this is just a mention of kind of like it
to not make this some the registry some
kind of like to God of an object and
actually like a proxy to store.
How do we do it?
Why do we care about validating that here?
Yeah,
the multi tenancy thing that kind of like.
Extracting the end variable, right?
That was just a mention I made there that
Mm-hmm.
kind of you made it.
If it's not set then we like then we
throw.
But on the other hand why would it care
about it?
Because it kind of if you made it
required then it's required.
If you don't make it optional then yeah
Yeah.
so it's it's kind of like up to schema to
do something with it right from your.
Yeah.
This can just basically grab it from the
end, right?
Be sure no conflicts to and first start
up in case of conflicts standing from
special character or something like that.
Yeah,
this is just a matter of kind of like,
you know,
I don't know like how you're like
extracting the name of the tenant, right?
Just to basically have some like,
you know,
paranoia check that kind of like if
there's.
Or do one like this like error out and
like we'll do nothing.
There is something we're we're should go
in and.
So we stop immediately.
We stop like if somebody had.
I would, I would treat it as I would,
I would treat it as misconfiguration and
Yeah, yeah, OK.
And I would look for names if it's like
they say like for misconfiguration we
stop, we do.
if it's if it's two names.
If it's not unique,
I will throw an error if it's a crazy
name with invalid characters like emojis.
I should also throw an error.
I mean questions whether do do we care
about it?
There should be a simple regex to check
if it like.
Because we just for us it's just a string.
Like you make it like a ******* heart
emoji. What do we care?
OK, we we don't really care.
It's gonna be ugly debugging logs and
stuff, but.
Yeah, sure.
I mean so you can you can also like make
some kind of like simple validation to
come like it should be like a ZAZ like
Yeah.
number something dashes and you just kind
of like OK, we don't accept,
09 ashes, yeah.
we don't load anything freaking else
don't care about that ********.
So for me it's fine as well just kind of
like as a sanity for.
For we don't trust,
we trust no one and and checking what the
Yeah, yeah.
hell they're putting there.
So sure works for me.
Tenant the same as a PC.
Sure some huge code like I wrote the same
comment four times. Jesus Christ,
I like I must have read it in like 3 runs.
This is new Legger schedules name are the
but property in Grafana.
Yeah I'm just kind of like when you I
know I'm curious kind of let me just
check briefly because there's actually in
in lucky this.
So is unique graph QL client but this is
like this is a string or a property.
This is not a property right?
This is just.
Unique GraphQL client. Yeah,
but this is also OK.
Should be searchable.
But then but then you do a logger,
but you still want to do a logger per
service, right?
So you kind of like to have a logger per
service, but kind of with a bound.
With a bound tenant,
right that you have a property that kind
Context.
of like they already have like a property
for a tenant there, right?
Yes, yeah.
It's ideally it would be something like
that I guess.
Yep, Yep.
So so new logger probably is not solving
that.
So like probably worth looking into what
you can do there sensibly.
Because it's yeah like I'm just thinking
about it still want to have this kind of
like this nice thing. OK,
oh this happened in this service.
So kind of need a logger per service
there,
but it's still kind of like wanted kind
of like bound for a tenant.
So maybe like for a tenant.
You kinda. I'm.
I'm not sure there to be perfectly honest,
kind of like what to do with that aspect.
What I was looking at initially was to
use the logger dot children dot child to
Mm-hmm.
add it there and then but as we're going
to use this.
Async local storage. Uh,
but so that kind of a.
Yes, I will have a look.
I will bring certain to see what options
do we have there.
But the the output is clear.
We should really have like loggers per
service per tenant.
Yes,
in a way like a tenant probably can be
That's it.
just a property.
So you can like yeah like oh like tenant
equals something and like yeah for this
one we can see what's going on for them
easily, right.
I still have like this like this
namespace for a service.
So then the question is kind of like,
what's what's exactly what's exactly a
thing there. Yeah,
like we're thinking I would like not
spend like like days and night for a
starter.
You can probably just start with
something simple there,
but but it's definitely worth.
Worth thinking about.
I mean you can also like do something
funny like kind of like you know that you
have a logger service but you are
supposed to but you are supposed to like
pass it through some methods on this on
this.
Like some function on async local storage,
they just kind of like enriches it
already or something like that.
Or or maybe that you actually have to
pass the service every time you inject a
logger specifically because of that.
Because there's also like not like a huge
downside of kind of like you know,
Oh.
calling like get logger,
you pass a service, you pass a.
And then the tenant is get from that and
you can then kind of cache it inside also
as an option.
You basically kind of like have have like
a specific kind of like yeah like get
logger or something and then you have to
Yeah.
pass the the the object to the class.
Service. Yeah.
And then you basically come like you can
get the class name and work with that.
It's kind of like, yeah,
slightly cumbersome,
but it's not like terribly cumbersome to
be honest. So. So that's also an option.
You know,
this is an option you can just start with
and we can then think of kind of like can
we improve it because there's also
something that could easily replace.
Will I be able to do to get the logger in
the in the constructor or will that will
not work with async local storage again
if I if I have a service?
So then the thing that like so you won't
be able you construct right because
Yeah.
services will still be singletons right.
So you can so that's why I'm saying you
can also like do a thing when you just
kind of like you know initialise a logger
I pass it.
in service and you have a function in the
in the how to call it.
And in the in whatever you're like
context that is just takes you kind of
like a get get tenant logger or something
and you just pass in the or logger from
service which you can call differently
like a raw logger or just kind of like
pure service.
Just some name that is kind of you know
not just logger to not instinctively use
it.
Or something like that.
They're kind of we can, we can, we can.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Either of these two methods I think are
like a sensible starting point.
Then we can think of improving basically
as a next step and see whether because we
can see maybe it's actually just kind of
like, yeah, find them up, no one cares.
Yeah, I will.
I will look a bit into that to make it
Uh.
So that is the load. That is the logger.
As I wrote some it should be schema
look OK.
decides whether missing value is an error.
Sure that one thing that we should maybe
Meet three twists.
do is basically think loaded from
environment like this should be reducted.
Yeah like what the other things come like
I should do a thing that comes like it
stop going for like this.
OS environment or something.
I would like by default like wrap in
redacted and then just make it basically
that you can pass an option to not to do
Hey.
Yeah.
that.
So kind of like because default stuff
will be like yeah this **** should be
redacted and we see oh actually it
shouldn't sure.
Then you explicitly say that it shouldn't.
OK, OK, so you say OK, OK, OK,
I will add this option,
Because this because.
but do we ever need to unredact secrets?
No, no, no, no, no.
Because this is the idea of kind of like
for whatever reason you are loading from
environment something that is not a
secret and you want to have it available,
right?
Yeah, yeah.
But then you but then the idea is kind of
like that you like explicitly say this
Oh.
one.
You can unreact.
So that I mark in sod or with the prefix.
I know but but but but wait wait but but
that will be but that will be anyway kind
of like yeah but true because because you
have to explicitly say that you parse
right.
So we'll anyway do it only for secret.
So yeah so whatever.
**** it always reducted.
Don't listen to me.
Hmm.
Yeah and those are like all comments.
So like yeah I think with this you can
like just go and roll and and start
implementing stuff there in this
structure and I think it will be.
I think this should be sensible there and
Yeah.
you can like it once you have like first
thing running and some whatever first
doubts about all this is more complicated
or something just like a.
Don't hesitate to call and let's let's
let's huddle over that and see.
We'll connect it.
Papa,
I will connect it straight to the two
instances that we have to confluence data
center and the cloud the dog for the
Oh yeah,
because we have dog hood cloud and we
instances.
have this one. Yeah, awesome.
And you can sync both into the into your
Yeah.
local machine and then to QA. And yeah,
that sounds perfect to be honest.
And then you already have like two things
to test that like this stuff is actually,
yeah,
in parallel and like how this whole stuff,
Yep, it's gonna really work out. Yep.
yeah.
That sounds great. That sounds perfect.
Good. We in the sync, I guess.
Cool. Awesome. Yes.
Thanks a lot for checking the pull
request with the plan.
No problem.
So I like I I haven't read like the
revised document but you like you know
better than the machine there so you
should be fine. So why can you just?
I don't know if you want to approve that
Yeah.
one. I just wanted to show this one.
I will just work on it further.
discuss. Yeah.
OK, sure.
Then I'll like just leave it as there.
I could close it or whatever do do what
you want with it.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
I will just probably either make another
pull request,
close this one and push to the same
branch anyways, but cool. Thanks a lot.
That's working.